mosquitoes and black flies they hurt
when they bite fix they're not really
hurting you it's like a leech it's gross
though I gotta admit it's disgusting
because what's happening to this the
tick goes inside your skin it burrows
inside your skin goes down to
capillaries but it's spit when it's fits
inside you it does two things to you
one is the spit access at any clogged
line so your blood doesn't harden so it
can lop the blood up and that's really
kind of cool little discussing right now
but it's kind of cool and the other
thing actually is the spit acts like a
cement so it's head is cemented right
inside you so it wants that because it
wants to stay in there but if you panic
and start pulling out on these things
that causes a problem because your
ongoing you're only gonna pull half of
it out its back-end the heads gonna stay
in the wound and that's gonna cause
infection and that's the problem you
have to actually get the tick to come
out slowly now there's a couple ways you
could do this one really neat thing to
do to get nothing else to do or on the
camp is get some Vaseline put some
Vaseline on top of it the tick is
breathing out of its back in so the
Vaseline will make it not be able to
breathe so it will back its way out and
that's really neat to watch the other
best way is just get some bug dope and
you spray it on the tick like that you
can see right now that that tick is not
liking it it dopes it up and it starts
getting well dopey and then you get
tweezers you got to make sure you go
right to the head of the tick like this
and yank and when you yank and I got
them good because I saw the white
substance come out and I saw the head
come out and that means I'm good and I
got you